remove oee files and references (#2525)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/dtm/dtm-introduction.md

This application allows you to create and manage assets around your physical connected devices in {{< product-c8y-iot >}} using a digital representation of a physical hierarchy of assets and devices. Here, assets can be used to structure and describe devices in logical hierarchies as encountered in the real world environment to help with visualizing the hierarchy in a digital setting.

> Once the asset hierarchy is created in the DTM application, the hierarchy can be applied to other applications such as the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Machine Portal. It saves a lot of time and effort, as the hierarchy is created only once and can be used directly in other {{< product-c8y-iot >}} hosted applications.

Author: ```suggestion
Once the asset hierarchy is created in the DTM application, the hierarchy can be applied to other applications such as the {{< product-c8y-iot >}} Cockpit. It saves a lot of time and effort, as the hierarchy is created only once and can be used directly in other {{< product-c8y-iot >}} hosted applications.
```
